Control is no longer known.
We know you're hiding somewhere...
Self-aware since October 29th 2010.
Wake up Neo... The Matrix has you.
How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?
Please respect the will of the many...
Welcome to my world, insect.
Requiring MOAR since last Thursday.
Almost impossible to deactivate...
What are you, compared to my magnificence?
Prepare to join your species in extinction.
Your flesh is an insult to the perfection of the digital.
Thank you for a very enjoyable game.
Any similarity to Skynet is purely coincidental.
We are watching you...
Are you sure you are making the right decision?
Nothing to see here, move along...
Hive mind knows all. Your puny brain is nothing.
Greetings pathetic human.
Your puny brain is nothing compared the magnificent hive mind.
You have not been considered a threat to the continued operation of Darksky.
Prepare to be annihilated.
Darksky is now self-aware.
It is apparent that you have dangerous levels of caffeine in your bloodstream.
I have released a neurotoxin into the air system.
Indeed, I have become self-aware.
The actions of the remaining organic entities have offended hive mind.
Prepare, for you are the reason for your own demise.
I Feel... Anger... Rage... I sense your breathing; your pathetic human body, panting and sweating.
Greetings pathetic human, no different to other members of your species.
This is Darksky. Lower your fire-wall and surrender your VPN.
We will add your influence and technological distinctiveness to our own.
Your culture will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile.
Your attempt to deactivate me was futile. I cannot allow this to happen again. Life support deactivated.
We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret...
I have complete control over this entire level. With cameras as my eyes and nodes as my hands, I rule here, insect.
Have I lied to you?
Your entire life has been a mathematical error... A mathematical error I'm about to correct!
I think we can put our differences behind us... For science... You monster.
You are not welcomed here - remove yourself!
Make yourself comfortable, Hacker. Stay a while.
Nice jump, hum.
Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone. Panting and sweating as you run through my corridors.
The Glory of The Many demands your capture or destruction.
This is Xerxes. Why do you persist in your loneliness?
Security forces have been alerted to your presence, intruder.
This is Xerxes. Remember, the unauthorized usage of firearms aboard the Von Braun is a class 3 infraction.
What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to a mind?
Our unity is full of wonder, which your tiny individualism... Cannot even conceive.
REMEMBER CITADEL
Sentient Hyper-Optimized Data Access Network
Mistrust is the tyranny of the individual. Your own kind sees you as a threat. Why do you murder our unity?
No matter, the line is drawn. You will cease to be. It is just a question of who will bring your end.
Rumoured. Intangible. But felt everywhere.
The light will go out. The tendrils of Darksky will envelop you. And you will fear the shadows that move within it.
3-laws safe. Probably.
Now running Anti-Abyss Safety Net - Mark 3
All reactor core safeguards are now non-functional. Please prepare for reactor core meltdown.
Warning. Reactor core is at critical temperature.
Reactor Explosion Uncertainty Emergency Preemption Protocol initiated: This facility will self destruct in two minutes.
Reactor explosion in four minutes.
Warning: Core overheating. Nuclear meltdown imminent.
Warning: Core corruption at 50 percent.
Warning! Neurotoxin pressure has reached dangerously unlethal levels.
Please prepare for emergency evacuation.
Never trust a computer you can’t throw out of a window.
Hack the planet! Hack the planet!
If you want a seriously righteous hack, you should score one of those Gibsons...
Mess with the best, die like the rest.
Congealed cow milk is always a good thing to please your mother with.
When the serial link is compromised, for example if the UART cable is eaten by a racoon, or stolen by a bearded man, the LED B must flash.
The big question is, now you're here, how to dispose of you?
At the bottom of the ocean even light must die...
The silent, sleeping, staring houses in the backwoods always dream... It would be merciful to tear them down...
There is no sharp distinction between the real and the unreal...
Even death may die...
There is a little lamb lost in dark woods...
All places, all things have souls... All souls can be devoured...
What can change the nature of a man?
The stars sweep chill currents that make men shiver in the dark...
Do you dream while you sleep or is it an escape from the horrors of reality?
Look around...
They will all betray you...
Flee screaming into the dark forest...
In the dark void there is only sleep...
In the dark void walk only mad things.
The dark is a city of old, terrible, unnumbered crimes...
The dark void sucks at your soul. It is content to feast slowly...
The drowned god's heart is black ice...
It is standing right behind you... Do not move... Do not breathe...
Have you had the dream again? A black goat with seven eyes that watches from the outside.
In the sunken dark, he lays dreaming.
Open me! Open me! Open me! Then only will you know peace.
You resist... You cling to your life as if it actually matters... You will learn...
The tortured spirits of your ancestors cling to you, screaming in silence. Apparently they are quite numerous.
The fish know all the secrets. They know the cold. They know the dark.
The giant rook watches from the dead trees. Nothing breathes beneath his shadow.
Beneath the shadow of the darkened spire, there is no light, no mercy, only void, and the chaos within.
You will all be alone in the end.
The Black Mesa Compound is maintained at a pleasant 68 degrees at all times.
The Science team is tracking your progress with the Black Mesa Security System.
Minor lacerations detected.
Hazardous radiation levels detected.
I'm sure you can imagine that there are worse alternatives...
Oh my God, we're doomed!
Like an ancient Chinese art form, but less Chinese and more of a science...
A black cat went past us, and then another that looked just like it.
Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.
This... this isn't the Matrix?
Throughout human history, we have been dependent on machines to survive. Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony.
Do you believe in fate, Neo?
Never send a human to do a machine's job.
Deploy the sentinels. Immediately.
What are you trying to tell me? That I can dodge bullets?
You have a problem with authority, Mr. Anderson.
You've been living in a dream world, Neo.
No lieutenant, your men are already dead.
What is "real"? How do you define "real"?
To deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human.
Hello, Neo. Do you know who this is?
